Hi, my name is Kenny Light and I currently live in Fort Myers, FL.  I graduated with a degree in Management Information Systems from USF in 2000.  I'm pursuing a masters degree in Software Development.  I'm employed with U.S. Sugar as a Sr. Software Developer, primarely developing with c#, .net, Visual Studio, SQL Server, MVC, WPF, Jquery, Javascript, SSRS, HTML, and CSS.  I'm almost finished with a laboratory information management system (LIMS) application.  This application connects to sugar analysis devices, pulls final analysis, and saves to a database.  I look forward to learning from my peers as well as the teachers/facilitators.


Hi, my name is Rich Frechette, I live in Boston, MA. I graduated from Penn State with BS in Electrical Engineering in 2019. I am pursuing a masters in Software Development with BU. I am a Product/Test Engineer for Analog Devices working on Radio Frequency Testing for semiconductor chips. I use LabVIEW and Python to develop automated tests utilizing external measurement and power supply equipment. In my previous role I developed similar automated testing using C#. 


Hello, I am Abdallah El Hamawi, I currently lie in Seattle, WA. I am completeing my masters in Software Development. I have 4 courses left to graduate including this one. I decided to take a break for a year because my wife and I welcomed our baby daughter last fall. My background is mainly in union organizing and labor relations. I decided to persue this masters to expand on my expertise and to explore different career options later on. I look forward to working with you all!

Hi, I'm Mateus Silva. I live near Boston, MA, and I graduated last year from Brandeis University with a BS in Computer Science. I'm pursuing the masters degree in Software Development as well. I currently work in Software Support for SAP LeanIX, a software company specializing in enterprise architecture management. I created a few small-scale Web applications in the past using Javascript as well as some projects in Java/Python, and dabbled a bit in front-end development using the React framework. I hope to learn a lot from everyone in this course!

Hi! My name is Max Zink. I'm currently living in North Hollywood, CA. I graduated from Pepperdine in 2022 with a BS in Computer Science and a BA in Theatre. I am currently pursuing my masters in software development. Over the years, I've used C, C++, Java, Python, Prolog, R, and more recently, Javascript and SQL. A few projects I've completed include a compiler that translates assembly language into machine language, written in C++, and a Python-based .WAV player. Despite some gaps in my knowledge regarding C# and Javascript, I'm excited to learn from and with my teammates.
